well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about a
question i received last night
and it's a good question it's a valid
question but to be honest when i first
saw it it threw me through a loop
to me it was like watching somebody ask
a farmer why they grow food
people have to eat you know from this
side
the answer seems very apparent it's
self-evident
but the more i thought about it the more
realized it wasn't
not really and the question gets to the
heart
of a lot of the problems we have in
journalism in the united states right
now
you have a whole bunch of people who
want facts
but they want those facts presented in a
way that reinforces their preconceived
ideas
you have some people that don't even
care about the facts they just want
their preconceived ideas reinforced
by somebody who
they feel has some kind of authority
because they're on the cable news show
a lot of journalists play into this
but that's not why freedom of the press
was enshrined in the bill of rights why
do we have spies
every country in the world has spies why
asking that on this channel is funny i'm
sure somebody right now is typing
to get rid of democratically elected
governments and install one that was
friendly to us
and yeah that happens but that's that's
a byproduct
that's a byproduct that's not the goal
the goal is to get information put it in
a report
and give it to policymakers so they can
be better informed so they can make
better decisions because knowledge is
power
if they're really good at their job they
can take a bunch of information
sift through it determine the
opposition's intent and give
policy makers a forecast of what's going
to happen
knowledge is power
if the united states was healthy and
functioning
properly you're a policymaker
your vote your calls your petitions
they influence policy if things were
working right
that means you need to be better
informed
so you can make better decisions because
knowledge is power
that's why the freedom of the press is
so important
in any country any system of government
where the people are supposed to lead
all this came up because i retweeted
something about nigeria
and the guy was like you know i
i feel for him but what can i do with
this realistically right now nothing
trump's foreign policy team is not going
to get involved in this
highly unlikely and to be honest if i
was a nigerian
i wouldn't want them to because they're
going to make a bad situation
worse however
biden we already know he wants to get
involved
in foreign policy again he wants to get
the us back on the stage that's why he
put together that giant team of advisors
before he was ever even elected
he wants to which means come january
hopefully this information is going to
be useful
because these people that get elected
they're going to put forth policies
they're going to talk about them in the
press and they're going to
want to know how the people feel about
it
you need the information so you can be
better informed so you can help
guide policy that's
why journalism is so important
in free societies and societies where
the people are supposed to lead
they have to be better informed so they
can make the decisions
that's why it's protected that's why
it's enshrined in the bill of rights
journalists they're your spies
feeding you information so
you have a better grasp of things that
you can't experience firsthand
you can't be everywhere at once
your embassies are the different news
bureaus
and just like just like
embassies you need to be listening to
all of them
at least a large portion of them some
may have been compromised but you need
to listen to a whole lot of them
because different pieces different
places pick up different parts of the
story
give you a clearer picture
learning about events that are occurring
overseas and
understanding them ahead of time before
before the politicians can put a spin on
it
that can help save lives because you can
be better informed
before they realize they need to
propagandize it
so at the end of the day
why do you need to know about nigeria
right now
because you're probably going to need to
know about it in february
and by then the
the spin will have already started and
the spin is going to be determined
by who has the power and in this case
money is power
the companies that stand to make a lot
of money will determine the spin
unless people know what's going on
already
so anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good day